# AWS-NAT-GW-NAT-INSTANCE-
NATgateway which translates the private internet adress to public internet adress to connection  internet connection but not to intiate connections to those instances
##subnets two type public subnet and private subnet##
Public – (Default) Instances in private subnets can connect to the internet through a public NAT gateway, but cannot receive unsolicited inbound connections from the internet. You create a public NAT gateway in a public subnet and must associate an elastic IP address with the NAT gateway at creation. You route traffic from the NAT gateway to the internet gateway for the VPC. Alternatively, you can use a public NAT gateway to connect to other VPCs or your on-premises network. In this case, you route traffic from the NAT gateway through a transit gateway or a virtual private gateway.

Private – Instances in private subnets can connect to other VPCs or your on-premises network through a private NAT gateway. You can route traffic from the NAT gateway through a transit gateway or a virtual private gateway. You cannot associate an elastic IP address with a private NAT gateway. You can attach an internet gateway to a VPC with a private NAT gateway, but if you route traffic from the private NAT gateway to the internet gateway, the internet gateway drops the traffic.

The NAT gateway replaces the source IP address of the instances with the IP address of the NAT gateway. For a public NAT gateway, this is the elastic IP address of the NAT gateway. For a private NAT gateway, this is the private IP address of the NAT gateway. When sending response traffic to the instances, the NAT device translates the addresses back to the original source IP address.
